
MegaTunix designed and written by David J. Andruczyk

	Inspiration for this code came from Bruce Bowling and Al Grippo, 
designers of the MegaSquirt DIY Fuel Injection ECU.  This code is 
modelled slightly after Bruce and Al's MegaSquirt PCC tuning software 
for Windows.  Inspiration also came from Eric Fahlgrens and Guy Hill's
MegaTune, also for Windows.

Potential build problem on Gentoo:
	One user has noted that megatunix would fail to link at the end of
the compile.  The problem was the user was missing the "X" USE flag in 
/etc/make.conf.  As to WHY this was needed was not entirely known.  If you
have this problem, check to see if the "X" flag is in your USE flags, and if
it wasn't add it and issue "emerge --newuse -uDa world" to bring your system
up to date.  It won't hurt to run "revdep-rebuild" afterwards to take care 
of any libs or executables that may have broke from a library upgrade. Once
your system is up to date, a simple "make distclean ; ./configure ; make ;
make install (as root)" and all should be OK.a IF not contact me via my
email address in the AUTHORS file.

NOTE about fonts:
	Some people have complained that MegaTunix comes up with abnormally
huge fonts.  This is NOT MegaTunix's fault.  It's caused by the default font
for Gnome being set to large.  This problem is mostly seen by people NOT 
using the Gnome desktop.   MegaTunix uses the GTK+2 libraries which are the 
foundation libraries by which Gnome's gui is based upon.  The fix is to run 
"gnome-font-properties" and set the "Application Font" size to a smaller 
point size.  On the authors' system a Application Font of "Sans" at 8pt, 
looks the best.  The author runs at 1600x1200 on an ancient 21 inch monitor 
so your ideal font size may vary.

Suggestions are welcomed for improving the functionality of MegaTunix...
Send suggestions, bug reports and general feedback to (SPAM not welcome) 
djandruczyk <at> yahoo <dot> com

System requirements:
	MegaTunix is developed on a Gentoo Linux distribution, the package
names will vary if you don't use Gentoo.  Most RPM and Debian based distros
split packages into a runtime and devel package.  Runtime ones are needed
to run the program, and devel packages are needed for programs like megatunix
to compile against.

MegaTunix requires the following libraries (and their dependancies);
* GTK-2.4 (and the dev package)
  - GTK+ depends on pango, fontconfig, freetype2, pango, glib and atk
* Gtkglext-1.x (and the dev package)
  - gtkglext depends on gtk+ and glib
* Xorg or XFree86 development libraries (xorg-devel or XF86-devel)
  - libglade-2.0 (and dev package)
  - libglade depends on libxml-2.x and gtk+

Optional:
  The Glade GUI designer can be installed to modify and add new gui tabs to
megatunix for your own custom firmware needs.  This is ONLY needed if you want
to modify megatunix.  I recommend glade-2.4.x

